
User experience: is how a person, the user, feels about interacting with or experiencing a product.
A product is a good, service, or feature. It might be a physical product,
like a video game controller or a bag of potato chips, or a technology product, like an app, website, or smartwatch.

 For a user to have a good experience, the product needs to be 
 - usable:
     making something easy to use This means that the design, structure, and purpose of the product are clear to everyone.
     Is everything in the design easy to find? Is the design’s functionality easy to understand?
     Can users accomplish specific tasks within the design? 
 - equitable: 
    Being equitable means your designs are useful and marketable to people with diverse abilities and backgrounds. 
 - enjoyable
    which creates a positive connection between the user and the product. 
    UX designers foster that positive connection by taking a user's thoughts and feelings into account when making products.
    Is everything in the design easy to find? Is the design’s functionality easy to understand? Can users accomplish specific tasks within the design? 
 - useful. 
    meaning they solve our problems. 
    Does the design add value to the user’s experience? Does the design solve a problem for the user? Does the design help the user achieve a specific goal?
important of UX Design
 - engage more customer
 - build brand or trust
Empathy is the ability to understand someone else's feelings or thoughts in a situation,it is the major portion

Interaction designers
 who focus on designing the experience of a product and how it functions.
 They figure out how to connect the users' needs and the business's goals with what's actually feasible to build. 

Visual designers 
 who focus on how a product or technology looks. They might be responsible for designing logos, illustrations, or icons.

Motion designers
are another common type of UX designer. They think about what it feels like for a user to move through
a product and how to create smooth transitions between pages on an app or a website.

Graphic designers
who create visuals that tell a story or message. Graphic designers usually work on the appearance of a physical product, like an invitation or a poster, 

UX designers 
focus on how users interact with the product.

UX researchers 
conduct the studies or interviews that help us learn how people use a product.

UX writers
who think about how to make the language within a product clearer to make the user experience more intuitive. 
This could include writing labels for buttons or adjusting the tone to be formal or friendly.

Production designers
who often act as a bridge between interaction designers and engineers. 
They make sure the first and final designs match in the finished product materials and that the assets are ready to be handed off to the engineering team. 
assets are everything from text and images to the design specifications, like font style, color, size, and spacing.
Which brings us to the UX engineers, one of the groups that UX designers work with most frequently. 

UX engineers
translate the design's intent into a functioning experience, like a website or an app.

UX program managers
ensure clear and timely communication so that the process of building a useful product moves smoothly from start to finish. 
This might include setting up goals and writing project plans.

https://www.coursera.org/learn/foundations-user-experience-design/supplement/7o3K0/user-experience-careers

UX tools—an overview  
In this certificate, you’ll focus on Figma. Figma is one of the preeminent UX tools. There are other UX tools, mentioned previously, you can look at for comparison. 

Sketch, InVision, and Zeplin
Work well with very large teams that may struggle to adopt new tools

Paired most commonly with another of these tools

Do not require WiFi, enabling offline design work

Do not afford real-time collaboration, prototyping, or design to development collaborative activities

Adobe XD
Works well with teams that already use Adobe’s Suite

Rounds out Adobe’s suite of products with one that is entirely built for digital and UX design work

Syncs to Cloud rather than using actual real-time collaboration and can be used offline

Figma
Is excellent for most designers and contexts

Includes FigJam access, a whiteboard for brainstorming, diagramming, and strategizing

Requires WiFi connection

Is a digital-first, remote-friendly, all-in-one tool, allowing for easier sharing, designing, collaboration,
and reviewing in our ever-changing, more virtual workspace 

https://www.coursera.org/learn/foundations-user-experience-design/supplement/01Lu7/stay-current-with-the-ux-industry

Product development lifecycle.
The product development lifecycle is the process used to take a product from an idea to reality.

- brainstorm. 
  It's an active discovery stage that's all about generating ideas about the user and potential needs or challenges the user might have.
  brainstorming stage, the team generates ideas to solve a problem, understands the audience they're designing for, and identifies needs or challenges the audience may have.
  UX researchers and writers are often heavily involved in this stage,

- define
  Define is all about using the insights from the brainstorming stage and starting to narrow the focus.

- design stage
  UX designers begin to actively develop ideas, and they also check that all specifications from the define stage are realistic.

- test stage
  the team evaluates the product design based on feedback from potential users. Testing designs with users is really important because it helps the team focus on the user first and foremost and the designs second. 

- launch or sharing 
  a finished version of the product with the public. This might involve listing an app in the Google Play Store or Apple's App Store, making a website go live, or putting a physical product on store shelves.

'The Design of Everyday Things'

https://www.coursera.org/learn/foundations-user-experience-design/supplement/1uCov/review-identify-good-user-experience

 most important tasks entry level UX designers do
- Researching
  UX designers use research to understand audiences and learn about their backgrounds, demographics, like age and location, motivations, pain points, emotions, and life goals.
- wireframing
   is an outline or a sketch of a product or a screen. It helps a designer figure out how a page is arranged, where each piece of a product fits in with the others, and how users will likely interact with the product. 
- prototyping
   is an early model of a product that demonstrates functionality like a wireframe, but a lot more advanced. 
   a prototype illustrates a progression from one screen to the next.
- creating information architecture
   which is the framework of a website or how it's organized, categorized, and structured.
- communicating effectively. 
    like meetings with colleagues, writing emails, creating proposals, or pitching clients. 
The purpose of wireframes and prototypes is to figure out the best design for a product, inexpensively and quickly.

 Roles in ux desinge
- A generalist: is a UX designer with a broad number of responsibilities. Most UX designers begin their careers this way, doing various tasks.
  A generalist might be responsible for a combination of user research, branding, user flows, UX writing, visual design, prototyping, production design, 
  information architecture, and usability testing, among other things.

- A specialist: dives deep into one particular UX design role, like interaction, visual, or motion design. 

- A T-shaped designer: specializes in one kind of UX design and has a breadth of knowledge in other areas. 
   This is called a T-shaped designer because your skills look like an uppercase T.
   The vertical line of the T is the kind of UX design you specialize in, like visual design.
   The horizontal line across the top of the T includes your complementary skills. 

https://www.coursera.org/learn/foundations-user-experience-design/supplement/5O2hO/the-role-of-a-beginner-ux-designer
 Jobs in UX Design
- startup: is a new business that wants to develop a unique product or service and bring it to market.
  Startups generally have tight budgets and few employees. So each person has to perform a variety of jobs and move quickly. 

- Freelancers: work for themselves and market their services to businesses to find customers.
As a freelancer, you get to pick projects that interest you, make your own schedule, and work with a lot of different brands.

- A design agency: provides a one- stop-shop for the look of brands, products, and services. 
  They're usually more specialized than ad agencies because they focus on design and branding.
- Advertising agencies: are teams of creatives hired by clients to build marketing campaigns. 

- UX designer: at a big company, like Google.
https://www.coursera.org/learn/foundations-user-experience-design/supplement/VZoef/the-influence-of-company-size-and-industry

An internship: is usually a short-term job with limited responsibility
Apprenticeships: are similar to internships, because you work closely with an experienced professional. 
pprenticeships are similar to internships, because you work closely with an experienced professional.
However, apprenticeships generally last longer than internships: around one or two years instead of a few months. 
And apprenticeships are always paid.

 Entry-level jobs are roles that do not require prior experience in the field. 

Glossary terms from module 1
Terms and definitions for Course 1, Module 1

Advertising agencies: Teams of creatives hired by clients to build marketing campaigns

Apprenticeships: Provides on-the-job training to help people develop real skills

Assets: Everything from the text and images to the design specifications, like font style, color,

size, and spacing

Design Agency: A one-stop shop for the look of brands, products, and services

Empathy: The ability to understand someone else's feelings or thoughts in a situation

Freelancers: Designers who work for themselves and market their services to businesses to

find customers

Generalist: A UX designer with a broad number of responsibilities

Graphic designers: Create visuals that tell a story or message

Information architecture: The framework of a website or how it’s organized, categorized, and

structured

Interaction designers: Focus on designing the experience of a product and how it functions

Internship: A short term job with limited responsibility 

Motion designers: Think about what it feels like for a user to move through a product

Product: A good, service, or feature

Production designers: Make sure first and final designs match in the finished project

materials and that the assets are ready to be handed off to engineering team

Prototype: An early model of a product that demonstrates functionality

Specialist: A designer who dives deep into one particular type of user experience, like

interaction design, visual design, or motion design

Startup: A new business that wants to develop a unique product or service and bring it to

market

T-shaped designer: A designer who specializes in one kind of user experience (e.g.,

interaction, visual, motion) and has a breadth of knowledge in other areas

UX designers: Focus on how users interact with a product

User experience: How a person, the user, feels about interacting with, or experiencing, a

product

UX engineers: Translate the design’s intent into a functioning experience

UX program managers: Ensure clear and timely communication so that the process of

building a useful product moves smoothly from start to finish

UX research: Understand users and learn about their backgrounds, demographics,

motivations, pain points, emotions, and life goals

UX researchers: A type of researcher that conducts studies or interviews to learn about the

users of a product and how people use a product

UX writers: Create the language that appears throughout a digital product, like websites or

mobile apps

Visual designers: Focus on how the product or technology looks

Wireframe: An outline or a sketch of a product or a screen

