
https://www.coursera.org/learn/start-ux-design-process/supplement/o2hRC/choose-your-portfolio-prompt

A portfolio: is a collection of work that you've created that shows your skills in a certain area, like painting, photography, or UX design. 
https://www.coursera.org/learn/start-ux-design-process/supplement/hs1Ce/review-explore-ux-design-portfolios

These user-friendly website builders feature WYSIWYG editors. WYSIWYG stands for What You See Is What You Get. 
Templates mean that you don't have to start from a blank slate, which makes it easy to achieve impressive results in no time.

on three of the most popular: 
- Wix 
   Wix is easy to use, and a favorite with folks in all kinds of creative industries. There are plenty of templates and even some templates specifically for portfolios.
- Squarespace
    is also popular, especially with visual designers. Squarespace is best known for its blog function, but it also has beautiful website themes.
    There are a bunch of templates to choose from, and it's flexible to allow for personalization. If you're new to website building,
- Webflow. 
   is a well-known option among UX designers for its on-trend styles, and layouts, and high level of customization. You do need some knowledge of coding though. 
https://www.coursera.org/learn/start-ux-design-process/supplement/pBAxa/explore-website-builders-for-your-portfolio

Empathy: is the ability to understand someone else's feelings or thoughts in a situation.
Approaching UX research with empathy makes it easier for you to solve the right problem.
UX designers make a lot of assumptions, but UX design is not about solving problems we assume users want solved. It's about solving problems that users actually want solved.
empathizing with users enhances the products you create because you experience the product as your user does. 

Designing with empathy will enhance the products you create. By building deeper connections with users, you’ll better understand their perspectives and pain points.
Finding that connection early can guide you down the right design path and save you from extensive revisions of your product during a later phase of the design process.

 How to empathize with users
- Ask lots of questions.
  As a UX designer, you cannot make assumptions about the needs of your users. Instead, ask your users directly about their needs and wants,
  which your product design can address. Ask questions that begin with what, how, and why to gain a deeper understanding of your users’ perspective.
- Become more observant.
 Shift your focus to the whole user and not just the words they are using. 
- Be an active listener. 
 Active listening requires you to fully concentrate on, understand, and remember what is being said by the user you’re interacting with. 
- Request input. 
 It’s important that the feedback you receive is objective and unbiased. Friends or colleagues often provide biased, mostly positive feedback because they want to support or please you.
- Have an open mind. 
 We all have biases. Remember, a bias is favoring or having prejudice against something or someone, based on limited information. 
- Keep current on UX research. 
 Follow researchers and join online communities to stay up-to-date on the research that affects UX designers and the users you’re designing for. 

Empathy means understanding someone’s feelings or thoughts, often by feeling the emotions yourself. 
Sympathy is the experience of showing concern or compassion without feeling the emotions themselves. 


