product development life cycle is the process used to take a product from an idea to reality.
User research is a continuous part of the product development life cycle and takes place before, during, and after phase 3: Design.
 foundational research.
Research that takes place before anything is designed is usually 
Foundational research answers the question,
"What should we build?" 
"What are the user problems?"
"How can we solve them?"
The goal of foundational research is to help define the problem you would like to design a solution for.

  design research
Research that takes place during the design phase, phase 3, of the product development life cycle, is .
Design research answers the question, 
"How should we build it?
 How was your experience using the prototype today?
 How easy or difficult was it to use? Why? 
 Did you encounter any challenges?
The goal of design research is to inform how the product should be built. 

post-launch 
research only happens at the end of the product development life cycle. 
Post-launch research can be used to evaluate how well a launch feature is meeting the needs of users.
Post-launch research answers the question,
"Did we succeed?" 
The goal of post-launch research is to understand how users experienced the product and whether it was a good or poor user experience.

Qualities of a good UX researcher include empathy, pragmatism, and collaboration.
 Empathy is the ability to understand someone else's feelings or thoughts in a situation.
 Pragmatism is a practical approach to problem-solving. Pragmatic people are focused on reaching goals.
 Collaboration is the ability to work with a range of people, personalities, and work styles.

https://www.coursera.org/learn/foundations-user-experience-design/supplement/2oADC/learn-more-about-ux-research

The term methods refers to how you get the research done. 
There are two ways we categorize research methods. 
The first way is based on who conducts the research.
The second way is based on the type of data collected. 
 Primary research is research you conduct yourself.
 Secondary research is research that uses information someone else has put together.
Data can be collected through qualitative or quantitative research.
Quantitative research focuses on data that can be gathered by counting or measuring.often based on surveys of large groups of people using numerical answers. 
Qualitative research is often based on interviews, where we focus on a smaller number of users and understand their needs in greater detail.

 Interviews are research method used to collect in-depth information on people's opinions, thoughts, experiences, and feelings.
 Surveys are an activity where many people are asked the same questions in order to understand what most people think about a product. 

 Usability studies are a technique that help us evaluate a product by testing it on users. 
 The goal of a usability study is to identify pain points that the user experiences with different prototypes,
 so the issues can be fixed before the final product launches. 
  post-launch usability study might include data like success metrics and key performance indicators, which are commonly known as KPIs.
  Key performance indicators are critical measures of progress toward an end goal. 

 Secondary research benefits
- save time and money
- immediately accessible
- backs up primary research
 Drawback
- no first hand user interaction
- no specific user feedback
 Interview
  benefit
 - understand what user think and why
 - ask follow up quations
  drawback
 - take time and money
 - small sample size
 
  Survay
 benefit
- large sample size
- fast 
- inexpensive
 drawback
- no in-depth feedback
 Usablity study
  benefit
- firsthand user interaction
- challenges our assumption
- in-depth feeedback
  drawback
- only measure how easy a products is to use
- expensive
- difference in lab use versus in real life

https://www.coursera.org/learn/foundations-user-experience-design/supplement/Rm7m2/learn-more-about-research-methods

a bias is favoring or having prejudice against something based on limited information. 

 confirmation bias. 
This bias occurs when you start looking for evidence to prove a hypothesis you have.
 overcoming confirmation bias
during research is to ask open-ended questions when conducting interviews. 
 An open-ended question lets the person being interviewed answer freely, instead of with a yes or no. 
Actively listen
include a large sample of user

 false consensus bias, 
which is the assumption that others will think the same way as you do
happens when we overestimate the number of people who will agree with our idea or design, which creates a false consensus. 
  avoid false consensus bias by 
identifying and articulating your own assumptions.
survey large groups of people.

 recency bias. 
it's easiest to remember the last thing you heard in an interview, conversation, or similar setting, because it's the most recent.
To overcome the recency bias, you can take detailed notes or recordings for each interview or conversation you have.

 primacy bias, 
where you remember the first participant most strongly.

 overcome the recency bias and primary 
take detailed notes or recordings for each interview or conversation you have. 
take detailed notes or recordings, 
interview each participant in the same way. 

 implicit /unconscious bias
is a collection of attitudes and stereotypes we associate to people without our conscious knowledge. 
One of the most common forms of implicit bias in UX is when we only interview people within a limited set of identity profiles, such as race, age, 
gender, socioeconomic status, and ability. 
 To overcome our biases, 
we can reflect on our behaviors, and we can ask others to point our implicit biases.

 sunk cost fallacy. 
This is the idea that the deeper we get into a project we've invested in, the harder it is to change course without feeling like we've failed or
wasted time. The phrase "sunk cost" refers to the time we've already spent or sunk into a project or activity.
 To avoid the sunk cost fallacy,
break down your project into smaller phases, and then outline designated points where you can decide whether to continue or stop. 



